Made changes to create the COS secret from the template (#82)
IBM/ibm-satellite-storage: config-templates/redhat/ocs-local/4.6/README.md

    - PVs available from a storage class in block mode.
- Your cluster must have a minimum of 3 nodes that each have a minimum 16CPUs and 64GB RAM.
- Your cluster should be compatible with the OCS version that you're trying to install.

> - You must provision an instance of IBM Cloud Object Storage and provide your COS HMAC credentials, the regional public endpoint and the IBM COS location while creating the storage configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must provision an instance of IBM Cloud Object Storage and provide your COS HMAC credentials, the regional public endpoint, and the IBM COS location when you create your storage configuration.
```

### Creating the IBM COS service instance

> Run the following commands to create a COS instance and to create a set of HMAC credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to create a COS instance and create a set of HMAC credentials.
```

    $ ibmcloud resource service-key-create cos-cred-rw Writer --instance-name noobaa-stor --parameters '{ "HMAC": true}'
    ```

> 3. Get the regional public endpoint and the IBM COS location from the UI (Select the region closest to your cluster) or by running this command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Get the regional public endpoint and the location of your IBM COS instance. You can get location & endpoint details from the [IBM Cloud consle](cloud.ibm.com) or by running the following command.
```

    ```

>     $ curl https://control.cloud-object-storage.cloud.ibm.com/v2/endpoints | jq '."service-endpoints"."regional"'

Reviewer: is there another command that we can give that doesn't require jq? maybe jsonpath instead

```suggestion
    $ curl https://control.cloud-object-storage.cloud.ibm.com/v2/endpoints | jq '."service-endpoints"."regional"'
```

Reviewer 2: @Shirisha-S-Rao-1 @derekpoindexter 
Better point to docs https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cloud-object-storage?topic=cloud-object-storage-endpoints
https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/cloud-object-storage?topic=cloud-object-storage-classes

| `mon-device-path` | Required | Enter the `disk-by-id` paths to the devices that you want to use for the MON pods. Example: `/dev/scsi-3600605b00d87b43027b3bc310a64c6c9-part1`. | N/A | csv |
| `osd-device-path` | Required | Enter the `disk-by-id` paths to the devices that you want to use for the OSD pods. Example: `/dev/scsi-3600605b00d87b43027b3bc310a64c6c9-part2`. | N/A | csv |
| `num-of-osd` | Optional | Enter the number of OSDs. OCS will create 3x number of OSDs for the value specified. Initial storage capacity is the same as your disk size specified at `osd-device-path`. When you want to increase your storage capacity, you have to increase `num-of-osd` by the number of disks you add (taking into consideration the replication factor, which is `3` by default) | 1 | integer |
|`worker-nodes` | Optional |Workers which need to be a part of OCS (Minimum 3). | N/A |csv |
| `billing-type` | Optional | Enter the billing option that you want to use. You can enter either `hourly` or `monthly`. | `hourly` | string |
| `ocs-upgrade` | Optional | Set to `true` if you want to upgrade the major version of OCS while creating a configuration of the newer version. | false | boolean |

> | `ibm-cos-endpoint` | Required | Enter the IBM COS regional public endpoint | N/A | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ibm-cos-endpoint` | Required | Enter the IBM COS regional public endpoint. | N/A | string |
```

> | `ibm-cos-location` | Required | Enter the IBM COS regional location | N/A | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ibm-cos-location` | Required | Enter the IBM COS regional location. Example: `https://s3.us-east.cloud-object-storage.appdomain.cloud` | N/A | string |
```

Reviewer: Also, for this location parameter ^ i dont see `us-east-standard` east in the UI, docs, or in the command results - where do they retrieve this value?

> | `ibm-cos-access-key` | Required | Enter the IBM COS access key ID for using COS as backend storage | N/A | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ibm-cos-access-key` | Required | Enter the IBM COS access key ID. | N/A | string |
```

> | `ibm-cos-secret-key` | Required | Enter the IBM COS secret access key for using COS as backend storage | N/A | string |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ibm-cos-secret-key` | Required | Enter your IBM COS secret access key. | N/A | string |
```
